[doc] Add more reference around predict_step (#7997)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/lightning_module.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
In the case where we want to perform inference with the system we can add a `forward` method to the LightningModule.

> .. note:: When using forward, you are responsible to call :func:`~torch.nn.Module.eval` and use the :func:`~torch.no_grad` decorator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: When using forward, you are responsible to call :func:`~torch.nn.Module.eval` and use the :func:`~torch.no_grad` context manager
```

Author: Done !
